# Agenda

## The new Board of Carpentry@UiO

### The new Board members present themselves
- Annika Rockenberger
- Anne Schad Bergsaker
- Lex Nederbragt
- Naoe Tatara
- Tobias Busch
- Viviane Girardin

### Thanks & farewell to the Interim Board
- Anne Fouilloux
- Andrea A. Gasparini
- Elin Stangeland
- Live Rasmussen
- Sabry Razick

## Introduction to Carpentry@UiO and Governance Documents
- https://github.com/uio-carpentry/governance

## Officer roles
- should we have a board Chair, Vice Chair, Secretary, ...?

## Dates for (remote) meetings in 2020
- meet 4x per year?
- default (?): remote meeting via Zoom
- decide on dates

## Tasks

### Instructor Training

#### Status on Instructors trained in 2019
- UiO is Silver Member, 6 instructor training spots per year
- 12 instructors were trained in 2019

#### Instructor Training 2020

### Carpentry@UiO mailing lists

- organizers @ swcarpentry
- carpadmin @ swcarpentry
- contact-us @ swcarpentry
- board @ swcarpentry
- announcements @ swcarpentry
- research-bazaar @ swcarpentry

#### announcements @ swcarpentry 
- is kept as it is
- new subscribers are added on rolling basis if they have given consent
- done by NT or AR as part of local Carpentry@UiO coordination
- Q1: what about those who did not consent? (prior to GDPR)

#### board @ swcarpentry
- is kept for current Board members only
- Q1: who should be owner(s)?
- O2: who is responsible for adding/removing subscribers?

#### carpadmin @ swcarpentry
- is to be used for admin-related communication
- should have few subscribers
- Carpentry@UiO local coordinators (atm NT and AR and MG)
- Q1: should anyone else be on this list? why?

#### contact-us @ swcarpentry
- has same subscribers as organizers @ swcarpentry (automatically signed up)
- atm to many people, creates spam, unclear who's responsible for answering
- proposal: actively add/remove subscribers to be only instructors who teach current workshops (i.e. per semester), to be maintained by local coordinators; remove automatic signup

#### organizers @ swcarpentry
- has all instructors, helpers, local coordinators, some library staff
- used for calls for instructors, invitations to social events, studygroup, other related events and activities
- too many subscribers are inactive (never teach/help, never respond)
- proposal: send out email to re-subscribe to this list by given date; remove those who haven't responded

#### research-bazaar @ swcarpentry
- was used for communication in regards to research bazaar
- UB has discontinued ResBaz
- proposal: delete mailing list

### Communications
- how do we want to communicate with each other?
- where do we want to share/store documents (GitHub, G-Suite, others)?
- how do we want to communicate with/reach out to the community?

### GitHub Issues in organisational/
- review current Issues
  - https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/issues/33
  - https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/issues/41
  - https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/issues/47
- Q1: who is responsible for reviewing/acting on Issues?

### Remote Teaching Carpentries Workshops
- do we want to teach workshops or smaller modules remotely during the Covid-19 period?
- watch this [video](https://youtu.be/MzsJyOkxqv8) by Jason Bell about teaching virtual Carpentries workshops.

## Discussion

### Social event before summer
- ideas welcome

### CarpentryConnect 2021
- instead of ResBaz, a CarpentryConnect event could be held
- ideas/comments/experiences welcome


# Minutes 

*purpose of the meeting*: handover.

### Presents:

- Annika Rockenberger
- Anne Schad Bergsaker
- Lex Nederbragt
- Naoe Tatara
- Tobias Busch
- Viviane Girardin
- Anne Fouilloux
- Elin Stangeland
- Sabry Razick

### Regrets:

- Andrea A. Gasparini
- Live Rasmussen


It was the first online zoom meeting for the board & interim board.

Before starting the meeting, tips for using Zoom have been exchanged within the participants; for instance, on how to get the grid view (as we are few people).

## Presentation of the new board and farewell/Thank you to the interim board

Everyone gave a short presentation (interim board and then new board).


# Introduction to Carpentry@UiO and Governance Documents

- The interim board explained the rationale behind these documents.
- Interim board has finished writing governance documents however, some errors need to be corrected:
     * Carpentry@UiO is not registered as an official organization. It is more like a "club".
- Abide to the Carpentry Code of Conduct
- No mention of Florida charter while the UiO governance documents were inspired by it.


## Officer roles

The [officer roles for the Carpentries Executive Council](https://github.com/carpentries/executive-council-info/blob/master/process/roles_responsibilities.md#officers) can be taken as reference even if the board decides to adapt it. The new board needs to be organized and appoint officers (secretatry, etc.). 

- the board secretary is in charge of the meeting minutes but does not have to write minutes all the time; Secretary is in charge of making sure there is a notetaker and that minutes are pushed to github.

- The board believes there is a need for a Communication officer.

- 2 members of the current board will be appointed for 1 year and 2 members for 2 years
      --> how to do it?  
      --> will be discussed later to decide how to do with the re-election of 2 members.

The board agreed on the fact that the chair and vice-chair should have some experience. However, this will be re-discussed in a separate meeting. 


## Dates for (remote) meetings in 2020

The board think we should always allow remote meeting (even outside Covid-19 period).

The board agreed to organize and lead 4 meetings per year. Next meeting will be decided at the end of a meeting (except for the first official board meeting where a doodle will be set-up.


## Tasks

### Instructor Training and online workshop

- Is the board in charge of this?

- Is it the role of the board to decide who can and who can't teach workshops?

#### online workshop

Carpentries is interested to know and wait for taking decision.

But others, especially learners. But not too many instructors having time right now.

To be flagged, the board needs to decide who gets the label (UiO@Carpentry) or should we accept any volunteers. This will be discussed in the next meeting.

Everybody agreed on the fact that the board should be a facilitator.

#### Communication

Communication officer: communicate to community for online workshops. Be aware that there is possibilities to teach online.

#### Funding

Financial aspect: funding from data management project. No treasurer needed but a bit of money.

#### On-boarding

Several member of the board are new and there is a need for an on-boarding documentation (explain the usage of the mailing lists, etc.).

Right now, we have many mailing lists and their usage is out of scope for this meeting. **Next meeting will be discussing about the email lists.**

### Communication channels.

- Microsoft team (--> difficult to use if not part of UiO)
- github issues
- gitter
- mailing lists, etc.

#### Communication channel usage

- **Github**: documents that are public (nothing private or names from people that did not agree). Github issues can be used for governance chart, board minutes, etc. 
- **UiO GSuite**: GSuite will be usef for non-public (yellow) data
- **Email**: main communication channel for the board.


### Urgent tasks

- room situation, getting credit for teaching, Carpentry instructor, be more rewarding, etc... It will be discussed during the next board meeting.

# AOB

Mathworks (matlab) --> we all get this email. Should we offer matlab Carpentry workshop. Follow up with him.

**Actions**: 
- [ ] The new board will go through the governance documents and will update it accordingly.
- [x] The new board needs to check access to **uio-carpentry** github organization. Contact Annika if you needs to have write access to uio-carpentry github organization.
- [ ] New board will organize appointment. Chair, vice-chair and communication officer;
- [ ] Annika: doodle for setting up the next meeting.
- [x] Annika will write an on-boarding document for new board members.
- [x] Elin will follow up with Mathworks and see if they are willing to teach Carpentry matlab workshops at UiO.
