## Meeting Minutes

All 6 board members were present.

### Assignment of officer roles

Decisions:
- change rotation of roles from once per half year to once per year (together with the board elections)
- The suggested assignment of officer roles have been accepted and approved. 
    - chair: Lex
    - vice chair: Viviane
    - communication officer: Naoe
    - secretary: Tobias

**@action** Lex merges the changes regarding role rotation

### What should the carpentries @UiO  call themselves?

- club, foreniging ("association"), ...? 
- At UiO, as foreniging has certain rights and responsibilities that we don't need / want (i.e. budget).

### Responsibilities of the board

Discussion of responsibilites of carpentries board vs. library. See document on GSuite for full list.
_Note:_ In the long run the budget might move from the library to other units, e.g., the "digital scholarship center" or USIT because of restructuring at UiO.

- We should report how many activities and members we have. This has been done before, but not really officially. The reporting should be initiated by the board.
- suggesting people who get seat in the instructor training. What should be the procedure? See also discussion below.
- Recruiting new helpers / instructors is listed as a responsibility of the library. However, can the board also facilitate it?
- Suggestion: We should recruit new helpers in the workshop. Maybe right before lunch someone could come into the course (not the instructor) and advertise for becoming a helper. We could prepare a standard text and perhaps a flyer. 
- There are some people who would like to teach but are not allowed by their local unit (they can't get study point / credit points / work hours for it). Is there anything we can do to shift opinions on that? This should be part of our strategic planning

**Question:** Should GitHub pull requests be the way we handle changes / suggestions? 

### Strategic planning 

See document about long and short term strategic planning on GSuite. 

### Governance documents 

- https://governance.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
- Governance documents should be checked for completeness etc.
- The documents (charter etc) will be put and discussed on GSuite. Use GSuite for things that should not be public.

**@action** Tobias, Viviane, Anne go through the documents and comment what needs to be added / changed

### Review of the mailing lists

Inventory of mailing lists:

- announcements
- organizers
- board
- carpadmin
- research-bazaar (will be discontinued as there will be no more Research Bazaar)
- contact-us

#### contact-us

Problem: contact-us is listed as the contact email address for all courses etc., mails sent there will be forwarded to 
everyone on the organizers email list (82 people! Can be perceived as spam, might decrease participation)

- proposal: adding and removing organizers from the list as needed (if there is a course coming up)
- alternative: contact-us should reach a smaller group of "moderators", who forward the emails as necessary, e.g., to the instructors as needed.
For the time being, there is not so much traffic on the at list, so the moderator-model could work.

Decision: Let's give the second model a try.

#### carpadmin list 

Is only used for admin .behind the scenes things. Who should be on it? Only a few people who feel that this is there responsibility. 

#### General problem with mailing lists: How to avoid email fatigue?

- Make use of clear email titles that include the programming language.
- Write a short text "how to engage with this mailing list", sugget patterns for subject lines.
- remove people who have been inactive for a very long time.
- put an "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email
- GDPR might require re-signup anyway. 

#### Should we remove the "sw" from "swcarpentries" in the email list names?

- Yes, if possible, but requirement: Adresses posted on old websites etc. should not become invalid. forwarding the old addresses to the newaddress
- we can combine resignup with creating the new mailing list.

**@action** Lex will try to find out if that is possible.

### Instructor training spots for next year

- we have 6 spots, who should get them?
- We should make sure that the people who get the spot know what they are getting into and that they will actually be teaching later.
- Proposal: use a rating system (see GSuite)
- However, the people who have been contributing actively (e.g. as helpers and coinstructors) should be given priority. 
- Proposal: use a sponsor system. Where a board member suggests a person during a board meeting, and the board decides (using a rating system for guidance)
- However, there is a risk of "nepotism"

**@action** Annika will formulate a strategy that we will use to decide who gets a spot.

### General Comment

- We should try to make text with discussion items in advance of the board meetings to make discussions more efficient.
