# Agenda

## The new Board of Carpentry@UiO

### The new Board members present themselves
- AR
- AB
- LN
- NT
- TB
- VG

### Thanks & farewell to the Interim Board
- AF
- AG
- ES
- LR
- SR

## Dates for (remote) meetings in 2020
- meet 4x per year?
- default (?): remote meeting via Zoom
- decide on dates

## Tasks

### Carpentry@UiO mailing lists

- organizers @ swcarpentry
- carpadmin @ swcarpentry
- contact-us @ swcarpentry
- board @ swcarpentry
- announcements @ swcarpentry
- research-bazaar @ swcarpentry

#### announcements @ swcarpentry 
- is kept as it is
- new subscribers are added on rolling basis if they have given consent
- done by NT or AR as part of local Carpentry@UiO coordination
- Q1: what about those who did not consent? (prior to GDPR)

#### board @ swcarpentry
- is kept for current Board members only
- Q1: who should be owner(s)?
- O2: who is responsible for adding/removing subscribers?

#### carpadmin @ swcarpentry
- is to be used for admin-related communication
- should have few subscribers
- Carpentry@UiO local coordinators (atm NT and AR and MG)
- Q1: should anyone else be on this list? why?

#### contact-us @ swcarpentry
- has same subscribers as organizers @ swcarpentry (automatically signed up)
- atm to many people, creates spam, unclear who's responsible for answering
- proposal: actively add/remove subscribers to be only instructors who teach current workshops (i.e. per semester), to be maintained by local coordinators; remove automatic signup

#### organizers @ swcarpentry
- has all instructors, helpers, local coordinators, some library staff
- used for calls for instructors, invitations to social events, studygroup, other related events and activities
- too many subscribers are inactive (never teach/help, never respond)
- proposal: send out email to re-subscribe to this list by given date; remove those who haven't responded

#### research-bazaar @ swcarpentry
- was used for communication in regards to research bazaar
- UB has discontinued ResBaz
- proposal: delete mailing list

### Communications
- how do we want to communicate with each other?
- where do we want to share/store documents (GitHub, G-Suite, others)?
- how do we want to communicate with/reach out to the community?

## Discussion

### Social event before summer
- ideas welcome

### CarpentryConnect 2021
- instead of ResBaz, a CarpentryConnect event could be held
- ideas/comments/experiences welcome
